docs(troubleshooting): fix instructions on how to download the reset uf2 (#512)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/troubleshooting.md

**New Procedure:**

> 1. Open [latest build in Github Actions](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild+branch%3Amain) and open the first 'result' on that page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Open the GitHub `Actions` tab and select the `Build` workflow](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild+branch%3Amain).
1. Select the top 'result' on that page.
```

> 1. Log into Github and click on [latest build in Github Actions](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/actions?query=workflow%3ABuild+branch%3Amain) (it's the first 'result' on that page)

Reviewer 2: I took it quite literally myself, update looks good

> 1. From the next page under "Artifacts", download the "`board name`-settings_reset-zmk" zip file.

Reviewer 2: Agreed. That also is a more consistent approach with other forms of documentation when something is a variable. You could also use `[` and `]` which are common in technical documents.

> 1. Unzip the downloaded file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Unzip the downloaded file.
```

Reviewer 2: I'm good with all of the above changes. Do I need to do anything with these?
